the world is changing the outside world
is catching up and soon it will be the
conquerors or the complete Kannada it's
not necessarily homogenous group of
people the different tribes with
different points of view and each tribe
have their own agendas so now we get
into the sort of geopolitics of Wakanda
they're people that don't believe that
will kind of sit even be out in the
world unless people know about work on
does it better from their perspective
which is becoming more and more a
challenge in this day and age if the
world ever were to find out what they
have both in the natural resources and
technology all of a sudden they're gonna
be under the spotlight and then what
happens then how do you rule that nation
for hundreds of years now we've been
living outside of the popular society
but now what Conda is potentially gonna
succumb to our globalization and reach
out to the outside world yo dis yours
the story is very relevant we need a
greater understanding about each other
we need to bring some life back to the
differences in our cultures because we
all really do live here and we all live
here together
[Music]
you